Add link to official website and official docs for daisyUI (#2221)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/114-css-frameworks/114-js-first/105-daisy-ui.md

# Daisy UI

> The most popular, free and open-source Tailwind CSS component library

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Component library around Tailwind CSS that comes with several built-in components.
```
